=head1 NOTE

This is just some internal notes for the developer.  Understanding the
material in this file shouldn't be neccessary unless you are planning
on making fairly deep changes to the code.

=head1 perl -> java protocol

The protocol consists of a sequence of commands from the perl side to
the java side.  Each command is a line of text, terminated by a
newline.  They consist of several elements, seperated by a single
space character.  The first element of each line is the command name.

An object is represented by an obj_ident, which is a java class name
(in binary form), followed by a '>' and the System.identityHashCode()
of the object (in hex, lowercase, with no leading zeroes or 0x).

The commands are:

=over4

=item create

  create java.lang.Runtime

Calls the nullary constructor of the given class.

=item DESTROY

  DESTROY java.lang.Runtime>1234

Notes that the perl side has finished with this object.  The java side
will release it's reference to it in the big hash of objects.  Note
that this will not neccessarly destroy the object on the java side;
something else might hold a reference to it.

=item SHUTDOWN

  SHUTDOWN

Notes that the perl side is no longer intersted in the bridge.  Any
objects that have not been DESTROYed will be reported as leaked.

=item call_method

  call_method java.lang.System>1234 getProperties

Calls, on the given object, the given method.  Currently, methods that
take parameters are not yet supported.

=item call_static_method

  call_static_method java.lang.Boolean TRUE

Calls, on the given *class*, the given static method.

=back
